IBX-4627: B2B models (#190)
ezsystems/user-documentation: docs/personalization/recommendation_models.md

!!! note
    To get recommendations for the specified segment, in the request, pass the parameter only for this segment.
    B2B requests are limited to only one segment ID.

#### Last events B2B models

This model is built on the fly, and requires an access to the most recent events to work.
There are two types of B2B last models:

- B2B last clicked - returns the actual recent items which were clicked by a user with the same `segment ID`. For example, two users from the same `segment ID` can see the last clicked items by anyone from the same `segment ID`.

- B2B last purchased - works the same as last clicked, however, returns actual bought items.
The maximum time from which events can be fetched is 10 days. 

### B2B recurring purchase model

This model is built on the fly. It anticipates and predicts purchase of products that were bought recursively within the same `segment ID`. 
The item appears in this model for recommendation only when it was purchased at least twice by users from the same `segment ID`
in the configured time frame.

B2B recurring purchase models predict the date of the next purchase based on an average demand per day, extrapolated from BUY events.

> For items with the higher relevance, the closer predicted date of the next purchase is. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The higher relevance of the item, the closer predicted date of the next purchase is. 
```
OR
```suggestion
The predicted date of the next purchase gets closer for items with the higher relevance .
```
